---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5 Reflecting on Assignment 2
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2019-12-09
labels:
  - Assignment 2
---
<b>Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details </b>
The assignment is an extention of assignment 1. During this assignment my partner and I had to create a login and registration
page for customers to go to before accessing their invoice. We had to make sure that the login for a previous user had the correct
username and password. For the registration we had to make sure the user entered a valid username, email, and password. 

<b>What did you learn from this assignment? </b>
I learned how to validate and pass data through multiple pages. 

<b>Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).</b>
Yes, I worked with a partner on this assignment. I believe that we equally contributed to the assignment.

<b>How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with? </b>
My partner and I got help from going to the professor's office and emailing the professor.

<b>How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1? </b>
Instead of just passing the data to the invoice from the purchase page we had to pass the data from the purchase page to 
the login/registration page then to the invoice. We also had to create validation for the login and registration page. 
For the login and registration there was specific criteria the user had to put.

<b>Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging </b>
I would say I spent 16% thinking, 42% doing, 42% testing. I say that I spent little time thinking because I spent more time 
doing and testing. However, this does not mean I didnt think at all during the assignment. I spent more time testing and doing 
because I believe that, that would be the only way to know if it will actually work. The testing and the doing is the same
amount becuase as I changed and added code I constantly checked it.

<b>Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?</b>
It was difficult sharing code and working apart from my partner because we constantly made changes on our own computers.

<b>If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?</b>
First I wished I mentioned what I thought was wrong with the way the server looked instead of asuming that my partner was
not thinking the same thing. Second, to go to the professor's office for help in the beginning so that earlier problem would
have been solved.
