---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4: Assignment 1
# All dates must be YYYY-Mm-DD format!
date: 2019-11-14
labels:
  - Assignment 1
  - E4
---
1. My programming skills have greatly improved.

I would say my programming skills have slightly improved. I still ask for help from my classmates and refer to the screencasts and W3schools to find out what code I need to use. However, I am not worried about it.

2. I am enthusiastic about programming.

I guess I am pretty enthusiastic about programming. I thought it was cool that I could make my own web page that could record a user's order and create and invoice. I especially liked styling the web page and making it unique to my own interests.

3. I can do the practice WODs without looking at the screencast solutions.

No, I cannot do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions. I still have a difficult time with remembering the code for some things but after I have done the WODs a couple of times then I can do it without the screencast. However, if I do not practice for a long time then I'll forget how to do some of the codes and have to refer back to the screencast.

4. The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence.

Well yes, in a sense I am confident that I am able to complete them. Will it be correct? Possibly not. Am I getting help? Yes. 

5. I feel ready to move to the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications).

Sure, I don't see why not.

6. I think the class can be improved to help my learning.

Yes, it's sort of difficult to keep up in class because I feel like the pace is fast.

7. There are things that work really well my learning in this class.

Going through the labs in class are a big help. 
